# 数据转换测验

每个部分均以测验结束，以测试您的新知识。进行选择，然后单击“检查我的答案”以检查每个问题。如果您需要答案的解释，请单击“解释”。

**Note**: 您的分数不会被计算；这只是出于复习目的。

<quiz name="">
  <question>
    <p>
    FME定义的最常见格式转换是从Esri Shapefile转换为哪种格式？
    </p>
    <answer correct>Esri Shapefile</answer>
    <answer>AutoCAD DWG</answer>
    <answer>Microsoft SQL</answer>
    <answer>GeoJSON</answer>
    <answer>Google KML</answer>
    <answer>Apple IMDF</answer>
    <explanation>The most common translation is from Esri Shapefile TO Esri Shapefile! It just proves how many people use FME for data transformation instead of format translation.</explanation>
  </question>

  <question>
    <p>
    Which three colors represent checked, need checking, and unset parameters on transformer objects?
    </p>
    <answer>yellow, orange, green</answer>
    <answer>black, orange, purple</answer>
    <answer>green, yellow, red</answer>
    <answer correct>blue, yellow, red</answer>
    <explanation>Blue indicates the parameter was checked, yellow indicates the parameter needs checking and red indicates the parameters are unset.</explanation>
  </question>

  <question>
    <p>
      If I use a transformer to remove irregularities (like self-intersecting loops) in the boundary of a polygon, what type of transformation is it?
    </p>
    <answer>Structural Transformation of attributes</answer>
    <answer>Structural Transformation of geometry</answer>
    <answer>Content Transformation of attributes</answer>
    <answer correct>Content Transformation of geometry</answer>
    <explanation>Loops are geometry and cleaning them is a transformation of their content.</explanation>
  </question>


  <question multiple>
    <p>
    Which of the following transformers do you think is "group-based"?
    </p>
    <answer>StringFormatter</answer>
    <answer correct>Clipper</answer>
    <answer>Rotator</answer>
    <answer>AttributeRounder</answer>
    <answer correct>Dissolver</answer>
    <explanation>
      <p>
      These transformers can group the features based on an attribute then perform their action.
      </p>
    </explanation>
  </question>
</quiz>
